Mr. Liu, what you want is table number five.
There is no need to go through the fishnet now.
That fishnet is no better than that.
If Mr. Liu really has money, he will spend a lot of money.
The pride table is back to you.
I hope you won't be too miserable.
Congratulations to Mr. Liu for the 50 million transaction.
Table No. 4 is what I really want.
No. 7 car 20 million
There's nothing good about Car No. 7 at first glance.
This quality is worth 20 million
I guess, now I'm making up the numbers.
Liu Shaou doesn’t want to be controversial anymore
I can use your knife again
The bosses of the entire Tianhai World are here
Today we have to explain on the spot
A few bosses